hi it's Joyce with mommy talk-show com
I have been driving this Kia Soul for
about a week and I wanted to show you
four quick things that I really like
about this vehicle before they come back
and take it but it's been a fun
experience riding in this car well first
of all let me talk about the height of
the car when you're driving it is a
little higher than other cars but it's
not as big as an SUV and for me since I
slurring how to drive in my dad's astro
van a long time ago it did give me that
familiarity of sitting up high and
having better visibility so that's one
of the great things that I liked about
it number two I like the heated seats
that I had I'm going to show it to you
real quick flip this around here on the
console well I may have to turn the car
on to show you that so let me show you
that other thing is if you ever put on
the brake
there's keyless entry so you can just
start the car like that but now that the
car is on I can show you the heated
seats this is for the driver's side you
can get the heat from the bottom as well
as from the back of your seat or just
from the bottom and for me if you don't
have a garage for your car heated seats
are wonderful to really warm up your car
a little bit there are speakers in the
Kia Soul that light up and can go change
colors based on the mood of the car or
based on the beat that the music has
coming out of the speaker so let me show
you that real quick here's the button on
the console that says color I'm gonna
turn satellite radio on
don't worry it's family-friendly I'm not
gonna play any bad music or any bad
words but you can turn it up I thought
the sound quality was great so I really
liked those four features of the Kia
Soul the height of the car the heated
seats the mood changing speakers and
just the overall speaker sound was great
now one drawback that I had about the
Kia Soul was storage space there's a
picture that I have in the back where I
went grocery shopping and that shows you
the bags in the back and there's also a
little bit more storage space
here's a quick look at the storage space
so in looking back here I'm not sure
that there would be enough space in here
for me after I put for instance AJ
stroller back here because I usually
can't walk you know drive with my
stroller all the time there's not much
space for other things there are some
storage space under here you know if you
had books manuals you know things you
might be traveling with
I'm getting into a newer car like this
there were times when I got out of the
car and forgot to turn it off
that's how quiet it is I'm gonna even I
know it's gonna be hard for me I'm gonna
be quiet for a second so you can hear
the car do you hear anything let me turn
the blower off do you hear anything
so that is my review of my one-week
experience with the Kia Soul I'd love to
see what you think and what your opinion
is of this car so be sure to comment
below this video right here on mommy
talk show com see you soon